Configuring Azure Key Vault via Azure Web App (#4478)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Extending/Key-Vault/index.md

---
versionFrom: 10.0.0
meta.Title: "Azure Key Vault"
meta.Description: "A guide for configuring Azure Key Vault"
---

# Configuring Azure Key Vault

> From a security perspective, it's always a good solution to store your application secrets (such as a connection string and others keys) in Azure Key Vault. This article tells you how to configure your application so that it's ready to use a Key Vault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From a security perspective, storing your application secrets in Azure Key Vault is always a good solution. This could be a connection string or other keys.

This article tells you how to configure your application so it is ready to use a Key Vault.
```

> There are a few approaches to incorporate Azure Key Vault into your application, depending on your hosting situation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your hosting situation there are a few approaches to incorporating Azure Key Vault into your application.
```

> 1. Install Key Vault via Nuget and retrieve your secrets directly in your Program.cs. (For most Hosting scenarios)
> 2. Directly reference a secret in your Azure Web App Configuration Application Settings. (For Azure Web App Hosting)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. For most Hosting scenarios: Install Key Vault via Nuget and retrieve your secrets directly in your Program.cs.
2. For Azure Web App Hosting: Directly reference a secret in your Azure Web App Configuration Application Settings.
```

> 2. Directly reference a secret in your Azure Web App Configuration Application Settings. (For Azure Web App Hosting)

Reviewer: How about using this list as a table of content and link down to the related sections in the article?

Author: Could you give me another page on Our that does this? Not sure what the syntax would look like in Markdown.

Author: Done

1. Search for the user. 
1. Click review + assign

## Directly reference a secret in Azure Web Apps

> 

Author: Done

### Create a System Assigned Managed Identity

To begin we first need to create a Managed Identity for your Azure Web App. This enables us to grant granualr permissions to an identity representing the Web App.

Head to your Azure Web App and find **Idenitiy** under **Settings**:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11179749/196052374-cebcfbc3-848f-4866-8e0f-70a57e776f60.png)

> Under **System assigned** change the Status from Off to **On**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under **System assigned** change the Status from Off to **On**.
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11179749/196052406-2205c1bc-504a-41be-86bf-81b1cabbc17f.png)

A GUID will then be generated called **Object (principal) ID** take note of this ID. We will need it further on.

### Update your Key Vault Access Policy

It's assumed you already have a Key Vault set up with a few Umbraco secrets inside. In your Key Vault head to **Access Policies**.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11179749/196052540-e1368016-ad7a-4b69-b05c-2875a4f11998.png)

At the top click **+ Create** we are now going to add you System Managed Identity for our Web App to Key Vault.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11179749/196052612-e3b2041c-785f-46f5-b9b5-d8ad33b893ac.png)

> You will now be presented with various permissions to set for your Web App, we only need **Get** and **List** for **Secret Permissions** only. Click **Next** to continue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will now be presented with different permissions to set for your Web App. You only need **Get** and **List** for **Secret Permissions** only. Click **Next** to continue:
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11179749/196053006-3a95fc5f-1038-4228-9ae4-467050ea5759.png)

Here we can add App Settings and Connection Strings to the environment. Lets start off with the Umbraco Database Connection String.

Under Connection Strings, click **Advanced Edit**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11179749/196053130-8fb6c2b9-61c7-4c02-a419-8570174c6646.png)

You can obtain the Secret Uri by visitng the specific version of your secret and copying the Url:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11179749/196054001-cc215c04-d29c-435a-ae7b-6e8efb7f3faa.png)

Then paste in the following JSON Object inside the square brackets. Ensure you update `{keyvault-name}`, `{secret-name}` and `{version-id}`.
```json
{
    "name": "umbracoDbDSN",
    "value": "@Microsoft.KeyVault(SecretUri=https://{keyvault-name}.vault.azure.net/secrets/{secret-name}/{version-id}/)",
    "type": "Custom",
    "slotSetting": false
}
```
The ID is optional but recommended as it enables you to control which version of the secret is used at your discretion. Leave it out if you always want the Web App to pull the latest version of the secret.

> Wait a moment and refresh the screen, you should see a Green tick. If you don't have a Green tick you need to review your Access Policies in the previous step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wait a moment and refresh the screen. You should see a Green tick. If you do not have a Green tick you need to review your Access Policies in the previous step.
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11179749/196053419-f53feba2-b8ed-4b98-99f0-ee68f58ac8e4.png)

We will perform the same approach for our App Settings. We will be updating the following App Settings for Azure Blob Storage.

```json
"Umbraco": {
    "Storage": {
      "AzureBlob": {
        "Media": {
          "ConnectionString": "",
          "ContainerName": ""
        }
      }
    }
```

Due to the secrets being nested we need to use double underscore `__` to correctly reference the value on our Web App.

> On the Web App click **Advanced Edit** for Application Settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the Web App select **Advanced Edit** for Application Settings:
```

Author: I think its important to highlight that names need double underscore in its name to reference nested JSON properties in Azure. Unless you think the example is clear enough. I like to reiterate 😄

Reviewer: Oh! I'm not suggestion to remove anything, simply changing "click" to "select".
Not sure why it's highlighting some of the text in read here 🤔

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11179749/196053630-dd90f240-0116-4471-bf7e-73bdbcfcc28a.png)

> Then paste in the following JSON Objects inside the square brackets. Ensure you update `{keyvault-name}`, `{secret-name}` and `{version-id}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paste in the following JSON Objects inside the square brackets. Ensure you update `{keyvault-name}`, `{secret-name}` and `{version-id}`.
```

1. Search for the user. 
1. Click review + assign

> ## Directly reference a secret in Azure Web Apps

Reviewer 2: As this feature is called "Key Vault references" I would recommend using that in the title, perhaps "Use Key Vault references for Azure App Services"

Reviewer 2: Also perhaps add a link to https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/app-service-key-vault-references

Author: Thanks Jeavon, this is now updated.
